README.md, before:

# (Comet-) ATOMIC 2020: On Symbolic and Neural Commonsense Knowledge Graphs

![Example for ATOMIC2020](header.png "Example of ATOMIC2020, a new commonsense knowledge graph covering social, physical, and eventive aspects of everyday inferential knowledge.")

## Summary
Jena D. Hwang, Chandra Bhagavatula, Ronan Le Bras, Jeff Da, Keisuke Sakaguchi, Antoine Bosselut, Yejin Choi\
["(Comet-) Atomic 2020: On Symbolic and Neural Commonsense Knowledge Graphs."](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.05953) \
Appearing at AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2021

## Data

Data for ATOMIC 2020 [data/](data/). ATOMIC data ([Sap et al. 2019](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.00146)) is also included in the directory.

## Codebase

We include code used in expirements in COMET-ATOMIC2020 for reproducibility, ease of use in [code/](code/). Our models are based off the [HuggingFace Transformers](https://huggingface.co/) codebase, with minor adjustments to adapt the model for our data. Details can be found in the AAAI paper.

## License
ATOMIC 2020 (data) and COMET-ATOMIC 2020 (codebase) are licensed under the Apache License 2.0. The dataset is licensed under CC-BY.

## Contact
Email: jenah[at]allenai[dot]org

Commit message:

Update README with contribution instructions

README.md, after:

# (Comet-) ATOMIC 2020: On Symbolic and Neural Commonsense Knowledge Graphs

![Example for ATOMIC2020](header.png "Example of ATOMIC2020, a new commonsense knowledge graph covering social, physical, and eventive aspects of everyday inferential knowledge.")

## Summary
Jena D. Hwang, Chandra Bhagavatula, Ronan Le Bras, Jeff Da, Keisuke Sakaguchi, Antoine Bosselut, Yejin Choi\
["(Comet-) Atomic 2020: On Symbolic and Neural Commonsense Knowledge Graphs."](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.05953) \
Appearing at AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2021

## Data

Data for ATOMIC 2020 [data/](data/). ATOMIC data ([Sap et al. 2019](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.00146)) is also included in the directory.

## Codebase

We include code used in expirements in COMET-ATOMIC2020 for reproducibility, ease of use in [code/](code/). Our models are based off the [HuggingFace Transformers](https://huggingface.co/) codebase, with minor adjustments to adapt the model for our data. Details can be found in the AAAI paper.

## Contributions

We welcome contributions to the codebase of COMET-2020. We encourage pull requests instead of issues; and suggest filing a GitHub issue with questions / suggestions.

## License
ATOMIC 2020 (data) and COMET-ATOMIC 2020 (codebase) are licensed under the Apache License 2.0. The dataset is licensed under CC-BY.

## Contact
Email: jenah[at]allenai[dot]org
